## Nodes

- [ ] `VirtualCameraBlend2D`
	- A virtual camera whose position and zoom are derived from a weighted average of its child virtual cameras.
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineMixingCamera.html
- [ ] `VirtualCameraBlend3D`
	- A virtual camera whose position, rotation, and FOV are derived from a weighted average of its child virtual
	cameras.
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineMixingCamera.html

## General Components (2D & 3D)

- [ ] Animation Component
	- Play an animation when the camera becomes live or when it goes standby

## VCam2D Components

### Positioning Components

Components that control how the camera moves and zooms.

- [X] `VCam2DConfinementComponent`
	- Confines the camera to a rectangular area
- [X] `VCam2DFramingComponent`
- [ ] `VCam2DGroupFramingComponent`
	- Positions the camera at the mid-point between a group of specified nodes or between all nodes of a certain node
	group, while controling the camera zoom so that all such nodes are visible. You can specify screen-space margins
	to prevent the targets from being too close to the camera edges; and world-space margins to prevent undesired
	excessive zoom.
- [ ] `VCam2DPathConstraintComponent`
	- Constrains the camera position to a `Path2D` node.
- [ ] `VCam2DPlayerControlComponent`
	- Reads directional input from the player and let them control the camera position and/or zoom. You can determine
	how far it can see and whether the camera resets to its original position or not when the player releases the
	directional input. You can combine it with `VCam2DConfinementComponent` to set boundaries to the player control.
- [ ] `VCam2DShakeComponent`
	- Shake the camera's offset and/or zoom using noise textures
- [ ] `VCam2DRotationComponent`
	- Adds rotation to the camera.

### Prioritization Components

Components that automatically calculate and add priority to the camera based on various factors.

- [X] `VCam2DObjectDetectionComponent`
	- Connects to an `Area2D` node and adds priority based on the number of detected objects in the area.

### Image Components

Components that change the image produced by the camera.

- [ ] `VCam2DShaderComponent`
	- Applies a post-processing shader to the image generated by this camera.
- [ ] `VCam2DTextureComponent`
	- Add a static or animated sprite on top of the camera output or behind the scene.

### Transition Components

Components that control how one camera cuts to another.

- [ ] `VCam2DFadeComponent`
	- Fades the image to black and back when transitioning from another camera to this one
- [ ] `VCam2DTransitionComponent`
	- Apply a texture-based transition when transitioning from another camera to this one (i.e. apply a texture-based
	erosion/dissolve of one camera image over the second)
- [ ] `VCam2DTransitionUVComponent`
	- Apply a UV-texture-based transition when transitioning from another camera to this one
- [ ] `VCam2DTweenComponent`

## VCam3D Components

### Position Components

- [ ] Bounce Component
- [ ] Clip Prevention Component

	- Prevents the camera from clipping through walls or other obstacles. The proposed solution is to add an invisible spherical rigidbody that follow the camera. Every physics frame, it moves toward the camera as much as possible, then sets the camera position to it's position. It should also slide alongside the wall to prevent hard snaps while the camera moves behind the wall.
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineDecollider.html

- [ ] Containment Component
	- Forces the camera to remain inside an Area3D
- [X] Follow Component
	- Makes the camera follow a target node, optionally maintaining a certain distance.
- [ ] Follow-Along-Path Component
	- Tries to follow a target node while moving the camera only within a Path3D.
- [ ] Framing Component
	- Add option to select wether the controller should change the camera's local XY position, local Z position, a set global plane, or FOV to accomodate the framed target; or a combination of the three in set weights
- [ ] Free Roam Component
	- Reads input from the player and allow them to control the camera.
- [X] `VCam3DMimicMovementComponent`
- [ ] Noise Component
	- I think three 1D perlim noises applied to each axis should do
	- > Cinemachine similar:
	  > - https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineBasicMultiChannelPerlin.html
	  > - https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineNoiseProfiles.html
- [ ] Obstruction Avoidance Component
	- Perform raycasts at angles and pivot the camera around obstacles to avoid breaking LOS—pivot toward the obstacle's normal
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineDeoccluder.html
- [X] `VCam3DOrbitComponent`
	- > Cinemachine similar:
	  > - https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineOrbitalFollow.html
	  > - https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineThirdPersonFollow.html

### Aim Components
- [ ] `VCam3DFreeLookComponent`
	- Reads input from the player and let them control the camera direction.
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineFreeLookModifier.html
- [ ] `VCam3DLookAtGroupComponent`
	- Looks at the mid-point position between a set of specified nodes or between all nodes in a specified node group.
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineTargetGroup.html
- [X] `VCam3DLookAtTargetComponent`
	- Looks at a specified target node, with an optional offset.
- [X] `VCam3DMimicRotationComponent`
	- Sets the camera rotation based on a target node's rotation, with some optional offset. Useful for first-person
	and third-person cameras.

### Prioritization Components

Each priority controller should have a blend mode (either Add, Sub, or Override)

- [ ] Animation-Based Prioritization Component
	- Sets the camera priority based on which animation is playing.
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineStateDrivenCamera.html
- [X] Framing Priority Component
- [X] Line-Of-Sight Priority Component
- [ ] Node-Count Priority Component
	- Controls priority by counting the number of nodes on the scene with a specific group
- [ ] Player Input Priority Component
	- Adds priority when the player enters camera-control inputs; and reduce priority later after a delay
- [X] Proximity Priority Component
	- Controls priority by multiplying the distance between two targets by a set factor and base values
- [ ] Velocity-Based Priority Component
	- This controller compares the camera's position between this and the previous frame to set priority

#### Other
- [ ] BlendedVirtualCamera
	- A VCam whose position and rotation are derived from other cameras and a slider control
- [ ] CameraSettings
- [ ] Focus Component
	- Focus at a distance or a target node and blur objects in depths out of focus.
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineAutoFocus.html
- [ ] `VCam2DTiltComponent`
	- Adds rotation to the camera's Z axis.
- [X] `VCam3DTweenComponent`
- [ ] `VCam3DZoomComponent`
	- Updates the camera's FOV at each frame so that the horizontal vision cone edges always be at the specified
	world-space distance from each other at the distance of a target reference node.
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineFollowZoom.html
- [ ] `VCam3DStoryboardComponent`
	- > Cinemachine similar: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.cinemachine@3.1/manual/CinemachineStoryboard.html
